docs(review): Docs content review - Calendar week 14/2023 (#1528)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-services/iot-hub/how-to/trigger-functions-from-messages.mdx

> IoT Hub allows messages to be exchanged between devices and business-specific software. Some or all components of this software can be implemented using Function as a Service, and IoT Hub can be configured to trigger these functions to process messages being exchanged on the Hub.

Author: ```suggestion
IoT Hub allows messages to be exchanged between devices and business-specific software. Some or all components of this software can be implemented using Serverless Functions, and IoT Hub can be configured to trigger these functions to process messages being exchanged on the Hub.
```
